Hi GCHQ Staff,

I have been reading about Africa, Uganda & Zimbabwe on News sites. My concerns for Lord Resistance Army LRA, are prominent. What is democracy in your capacity. Is it the tyranny, that Museveni has caused my people, then blaming the LRA for Atrocitites in Norther Uganda, Southern Sudan and Congo.

This is a nonsense, Museveni like Mugabe, has ruled through tyranny causing masses to flee their homes and villages. Remember these Presidents have over 23 years each on Presidential Duty. Can't you all see the similarity. Yet the West backs Museveni's plans incessantly. Of course he transcended expectations of past Ugandan Presidents, but even so I would have expected the West to pressure him to make huge ammends and sacrifices.

Talk about mutilation by the armed LRA malitia, and the recruitment of children into the army. When Museveni was in the bush he espoused that thinking, and three quaters of his army was made up of 5 year olds to 16 year olds. It begs the question when LRA is being placed on the agenda for the Internation Courts, while Museveni manipulates the western governments. We would like to end anarchy in Africa. Of course I distance myself from LRA, but as well sympathise with them, because of my witnessing things like scorch earth policies in the North by the then National Resisitance Army (Museveni Led): My Dad Alexander Okello was targeted by Museveni. As a Property developer; his property was sequestered by the Ugandan Government in the early 90's and after making him broke, they decided to force him to be the Presidents Landlord. His company Gemini Industries was a target of malicious government operations. He had to close down and sell the parts. He lives in fear, in Uganda like he did in the Idi Amin days. He fears he may be poisoned and can't leave to eat out. You know him, as the Germans bought their Ugandan Embassy off him - one of his many properties before Museveni's intentions to snatch the Property. Lucky the Germans ensued on a quiet purchase. He is a marked man who won't leave Uganda for Love of his country.

The inhibition of Presidential elections is key to attaining perpetual peace in Africa. Forget the obsolete presidential style rule. What Africa needs is a different democracy. Read on:

A 12 strong National Council comprising 65 year olds and above; judges who have been vetted by the Security Services of each country relevant: people with an interest in prosperity, open trade, cutting corruption overseeing intelligence.

A Prime Minister whose powers are relegated to managing a cabinet, and any actions in the National interest are overseen, condoned, and green lighted by consent of the 12 strong council.

Cabinet Ministers under the Prime minister.

The mentioned 12 strong council should be picked and vetted from the regional seats. All of whom should have clear records with no irrevocable performance issues.

Within this council should exist the branches of security who are strictly answerable to the Council. This includes: Securtiy Forces, Army, Police, Social Security, Transport, National Health etc. Key aspects of prosperity and welfare of a given economy. All this would be managed by the 12 strong council, and if the Prime minister feels he/she needs to use strategically any military action or investigate gray areas, then they should seek consent from the Council.

That is how governments in Africa should operate. No prospective government in Africa under Presidential rule can manage democracy, tackle crime, and insurgency without these vital elements. You can attest it is non-sequiter how Africa and the Mugabe regimes of today's Africa are aspiring to solve their problems without failure.

Pass this reading on to those who align their thoughts to bringing to fruition African Politics. "The Presidential style government in Africa is obsolete"; and this should be addressed to Mugabe, Museveni and many other African countries.

Regards
Martin Okello
Aka The Medallion.
