Dear GCHQ,

Happy Friday. Did I tell you I could build you any fancy systems for cryptography you want. All you have to do is draft me the spec, and your requirements in terms of the Crypto-System algorithm, and I will deliver it.

Well: www.martinlayooinc.co.uk/Frame.aspx is changing face every day as I upgrade the applications with each tuning providing more and more for the end users, as I value my customers. Do you want to see your competition?? Look no further, as I am deemed a true GURU - shame your IT department failed to spot my talent in time, leaving you with a pain in the bottom, so to say. Yes, me dealing you marketing material to get my hands on contracts from your end. What does CESG think of my abilities?? I imagine a great deal as they can't decrypt any of the messages I have sent so far. They are simply gob-smacked that an MSc. Computer Science graduated has risen to such heights in Programming without being given the right opportunities.

Well, tell your recruitment team, they can't spot talent when it looks them in the eye, and is the reason why you are so intent at watching what the Americans are developing so you buy it right from them. That is the problem. You should be able to think up secure communications without looking at the other side of the Atlantic - which you have failed so badly at. Home grown talent is better than what you acquire out of your control.

Yes the American Intelligence has an immense budget and would have to accrue margins from sales out of their vicinity - 'Capitalism: the world is their Oyster' - that way the Americans can compromise your systems without your even suspecting. Think, as a Developer, I could write code that traps into various resources but functions as required. Think what systems you are buying off the Americans. Don't you think they have thought like me or even worse???? I am sure you know that so well. So use Home grown talent instead of spending on software from abroad. That way you define within reasonable tested constraints your requirements.

Hope you are getting wiser, unlike me who has failed to impact with software sales. Get in touch and I will provide you with real modules for espionage the Russians haven't thought of to attach and monitor Criminals with EpsilonVPN Communique. Chech out the site for added modules to the program: http://www.martinlayooinc.co.uk/Frame.aspx. I have stopped writing Java Applications because Sun/Oracle have never thought clearly of IDE's that are user friendly; which Microsoft realised was the winning game decades ago. I restrict my development of Java to Console and J2EE/JEE applications of which I haven't kept up to date.

I look forward to your next visit to www.martinlayooinc.co.uk, to see my next attempts at Software production in house.

Regards
aliased: Lucas@MartinLayooInc.co.uk
The Medallion.